Add document status to guides, templates (#613)
solid/specification: CONTRIBUTING.md

<details open="">
  <summary>Document Status</summary>
  <dl>
    <dt>Modified</dt>
    <dd>2024-01-10</dd>
    <dt>Reason</dt>

>     <dd>This document is no longer effective and is no longer being updated here. For the latest information on the <a href="https://www.w3.org/groups/cg/solid/">W3C Solid Community Group</a>, please refer to its <a href="https://github.com/w3c-cg/solid/">repository</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/community/solid/charter/">charter</a>, and <a href="https://github.com/w3c-cg/solid/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md">contributing guidelines</a>.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <dd>This document is no longer in effect and is no longer being updated here. For the latest information on the <a href="https://www.w3.org/groups/cg/solid/">W3C Solid Community Group</a>, please refer to its <a href="https://github.com/w3c-cg/solid/">repository</a>, <a href="https://www.w3.org/community/solid/charter/">charter</a>, and <a href="https://github.com/w3c-cg/solid/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md">contributing guidelines</a>.</dd>
```
